We are now performing the same exercise for a different case. This is the case of an engine manufacturer and various decisions that he makes in the course of fulfilling orders. Let us again read the case.

Powerful Engines Inc. is an <mark>Engine Manufacturer</mark> located in North America. They design and assemble small combustion engines for a small customer list of power tool manufacturers, with many of whom they have long-term contracts. Every time one of those customers places an order, our Engine Manufacturer needs to <mark>Have that Order Fulfilled</mark> by a strict deadline. To do so they need to do two things. First they need to <mark>Acquire the Parts</mark> necessary for assembling the engine from a variety of suppliers. The parts may be <mark>Acquired in Time</mark>, may be <mark>Acquired Late</mark> or they may be <mark>Never Acquired</mark> before the absolute deadline. In the latter case the <mark>Order is Canceled</mark> as the company cannot honor the time commitment to the client. According to the contract a <mark>Penalty is Issued</mark> for two consecutive cancellations. In other words a <mark>Penalty is Issued</mark> if the order is cancelled and the <mark>Order was Cancelled</mark> in the previous instance as well. 

Once the parts are acquired, the manufacturer is then able to <mark>Have the Engine Assembled</mark>. They have two options here. They can <mark>Assemble the Engine in House</mark> using their specialized high-quality facilities, or they can choose to <mark>Outsource Assembly</mark> in order to cut costs for the customer.  Although choosing to Outsource Assembly is cheaper, it is also a gamble: the result may be <mark>Good Construction Quality</mark> or <mark>Bad Construction Quality</mark>. 

The manufacturer is very conscious of their <mark>Reputation</mark>. Their Reputation level after dealing with an order, depends on the level of Reputation they already enjoyed before, minus the loss in reputation they suffer if the <mark>Order is Cancelled</mark> or the assembly results in <mark>Bad Construction Quality</mark>, but plus the boost in reputation they enjoy when the result is actually of <mark>Good Construction Quality</mark>.




