We are now ready to start with the main task of this experiment which is one or more sets of classification exercises. For each exercise you will be given a case description, and then asked to classify parts of the case description to one or more of the elements of the vocabulary under investigation.

The present case is about a temperature controller, which controls the temperature of a room by turning a heater on or off. The passage you see on your screen describes the case in detail. Let us read the passage together.

We are modeling a <mark>temperature controller</mark>.  The controller's purpose is <mark>to have the temperature of a room controlled</mark> at all times. To do so, it sends periodic signals that turn on or off the heater. Specifically the controller may choose to <mark>send an on signal</mark> or to <mark>send an off signal</mark> to the heater. These signals are sent wirelessly to the heater, so they are not always received. Thus, when an on signal is sent the outcome can be that the <mark>on-signal succeeded</mark> or that the <mark>on-signal failed</mark>  Likewise the outcome of an off signal can be <mark>off-signal succeeded</mark> or <mark>off-signal failed</mark>  Whether that <mark>heater is on</mark> is eventually true depends on which of those four outcomes comes about as well as whether the <mark>heater was previously on</mark>  The temperature controller sends on and off signals aimed at satisfying some high-level objectives of the occupants of the room. One is to <mark>maximize comfort</mark> via <mark>maintaining the ideal temperature</mark> in the room. Maintaining the ideal temperature depends on whether the <mark>ideal temperature was maintained in the previous stage</mark> and the heater was on or off meanwhile. At the same time the controller wants to ensure that the heater does not stay unnecessarily on for a long period of time. It does that aimed at <mark>minimizing cost</mark>.